docs(volume): introduce the global setting 'offline-replica-rebuilding' (#1076)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.9.0/references/settings.md

Number of seconds that Longhorn allows for the completion of replica rebuilding and snapshot cloning operations.

#### Offline Replica Rebuilding

> Default: `false`

> Enables automatic rebuilding of degraded replicas while the volume is detached. This setting only takes effect if the individual volume setting is set to `ignored` or `enabled`. Available options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls whether Longhorn automatically rebuilds degraded replicas while the volume is detached. This setting only takes effect if the volume-level setting is set to `ignored` or `enabled`. Available options:
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> - **true**: Enables offline replica rebuilding for all detached volumes, unless overridden by individual volume settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **true**: Enables offline replica rebuilding for all detached volumes (unless overridden at the volume level).
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> - **false**: Disables offline replica rebuilding globally, unless overridden by individual volume settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **false**: Disables offline replica rebuilding globally (unless overridden at the volume level).
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> > **Note:** Offline rebuilding applies only when a volume is detached. Volumes in a faulted state will not trigger offline rebuilding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Offline rebuilding only occurs when a volume is detached. Volumes in a faulted state will not trigger offline rebuilding.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> The setting enables the offline replica rebuilding for all detached volumes if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows Longhorn to automatically rebuild replicas for detached volumes when needed.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.
